How it works:
=============
WARNING: Take a look at README.kernel TOO.

<quickreader>
Just copy slackselect.sh to /usr/local/bin or /usr/bin and run it as root. You
need to be root, because some files will be created in /var/cache/slackselect.
</quickreader>

You need to choose "Manage sourcelists" at least once, so slaskselect knows
where to get the packages from. After that you can proceed with Install, Remove
or Update packages.

You can have as many CD-Sources as you want. But it is better if you only have 1
or 2 distributions sets. Slackselect will try to guess the name of your CD, if
it can't, please help it :). Try to use descriptive names.

Now Slackselect can also have ONE (1) FTP/HTTP source. You can write there an URL
of a Slackware Mirror. It must go to the directory, where the slackware directory
is. I used in the time o writting the following URL:

ftp://ftp.gwdg.de/pub/linux/slackware/slackware-10.1/

Slackware will search for slackware, extras, testing, pasture and patches. If
you don't want any of these directories, just delete them from the source-List,
after the scan.

Install packages will give you a list of packages you don't have installed at
all.

Remove packages will give you a list of packages you have installed. Packages
that are not anymore in the sources are marked "obsolet".

Upgrade will give you a list of packages you have installed on your system, but
there is another version of it in the source list. It can also mean you will do
a downgrade. The version number to the right of the list is the version of the
installed package. A "+" before the current version, means that selecting this
package will do an upgrade. A "-" means "downgrade". If you have a ftp-source,
you will allways see the packages from "patches" in the upgrade list.

(as of 0.4) Description now gives you the description of the package, as in the
PACKAGES.txt. It work quite well, and will update the cache only if needed (this
take some time, but descriptions afterwards are very fast. Faster than pkgtool.
An "i" in the description means "installed", an "a" means "available"

Facts:
======
(as of version 0.2. Hope it still correct :))
packages.installed + packages.avail + packages.version = packages.all.source

packages.install + packages.obsolet + packages.version =~ packages.all.installed

packages.obsolet list packages, which _names_ without versions are not in
packages.all.source

slackselect is a bash script, so I can't do mirracles with it. It you know a way
to make it faster, without porting it to {insert_your_favorite_language_here},
please let me know.

Comparing to PKGTOOL
=====================

The REMOVE PACKAGE function work like the PKGTOOL version, but it doesn't show
the brief package description, and so it is quite faster (I wrote this stuff on
a Pentium 75, and PKGTOOL is a pain on a such old machine). If you want speed
use SlackSelect, if you want package descriptions use PKGTOOL.

Slackselect can show you package descriptions, in its own section.

PKGTOOL can install only from a directory, (current or other) or a floppy. These
packages are all installed (each package in the directory will be installed,
after a confirmation, even if you have exactly the same version already
installed). There is were SlackSelect is better: First it reads many sources of
packages, it compare all the source lists with your installed list and give you
much flexibility here. 

The INSTALL package only shows you a list of packages you DON'T have installed
in your system, you can select all you want in one go and start the
installation.

The REMOVE package have a nice feature, better then PKGTOOL. It discover which
packages are installed, which have no source package anymore (it can find only
packages with the same _name_ in the list of packages in the repository list),
and mark these as obsolete, so packages, that were removed from the oficial
distribution, are found and marked (only in the selection list).

The UPDATE packages is also a nice feature: it gives you a list of all packages
you have installed, which have another version on the repositories, so you can
upgrade or downgrade these.

Copyright note
==============
 (c) 2004-2005 Claudio Clemens <asturio at gmx dot net>

  This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
  the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
  Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later version.

  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
  ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
  FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
  details.

  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
  this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple
  Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.

# vim:tw=80:
